To us, The Three appear godly. Perpetually present. Incapable of being unseated, no matter form or figure. Yet, the truth is far more grim.
Hark, friend. Do not go to the isle. Sail right by, and seek your fortunes elsewhere. The malaise takes all. Whether that be pride or worth.
If you absolutely must venture away from our town, keep in mind that none will find you, should it go awry. Whatever permeates the fog out there is a harsh, cruel power.
Can you smell it, 'pon the wind? Sulphur, almost. A thick aftertaste of iron.
The estate is typically open, until it isn't. Some report screams from within. Others, rumblings of the ground itself near the wretched place.
The archipelago is a place the unfortunate go to find purpose. Though they typically find little in the new lives they're forced to take on.
They say that the The Three cannot be slain. No manner of weapon produced by mortal hands can unseat whatever keeps them tied to this place.
There will always be a Baron. Sure as the ground shimmers during the dawn, or the shrieks from the harbour following the departure of a vessel.
Listen to me well, fool. Do not sleep in this place. Find somewhere safe. Bolt the door. Only then should you rest. For sleep does not come without consequence in this land.
If you hear a voice, promising great things? Disregard it. It's just your tired mind. For you can't trust what you hear, on this squalid isle.
They say the Baron will change you, should it suit The Three's whim. I ain't know what that means, but I certainly don't want to find out.
I'd been told once that the Admiralty sails by on occasion. The big names, themselves. Just to see that the archipelago hasn't... moved?
Whatever the 'Wylderspirit' of the Conclaves is, I'd 'eard that it turns men inside out if they disturb the land. Vile powers that way there be...
The Emperor? Put talk about him from your mind, fool. If they hear you, we'll both find ourselves in the harbour. Besides, he's our rightful Emperor! He beat the Confederacy itself!
The Great Houses? Of the Confederacy? Watch your tongue. They've kept the eastern lands clear of the Empire's hand! Long live the Confederacy!
Outlanders? I don't much care for them. Whether or not they're from the Dunelands, the Ashen Plains, the Far Marshes or even, hell, across the Dragonspine! They're all the same. They refuse to claim a banner, for they're cowards.
